Raider Robotics team 2025 review.

6/20/2026 First Entry

I have been analyzing the code for the 2025 Raider Robotics FRC team 5516.
I have noticed many flaws in the code, as well as some sections that are possitively
briliant. The key aspects that I find indeed quite nice are the swerve drive system,
and the neat arangement of all of the project folders. Apart from that, the code
itself is quite complexe, and I give my regards to the developer.

With that out of the way, it is time for my to list the downsides that I have
discovered so far. I have found that the file tend to have multiple swaths of
code comented out, with no explenation as to the purpose of these extra lines.
I have also noticed that the code is woefully lacking in comments. I have been
working to correct this issue by going line by line and noting what the statements
actually do. I should not have to do this, as the project should be up to academic
standards.

My first order of buisness is to attempt to decipher what each line of the program does,
so that I can, at least to a certain degree, determine the skill of the developer
as well as the design and preferences of the team. From what I have already observed,
the robot utilizes a swerve drive system. The swerve system is a holonomic drive type,
and is designed to solve the major issues with a standard drive system such as arcade
or tank.

My starting point for this project is robotcontainer.java. RobotContainer.java is
the nexus for all of the robot's code. It is where all of the roads eventually lead.
In RobotContainer.java, you see all of the different subsystems being created and
used, as well as many other things besides.

Current line: 86/341

6/21/2026 Method Madness

I have found multiple methods, which are basicaly Java specific functions because
they exist inside of classes and require extra data in order to run, that have either 
missleading names, or have blocks of code that has been comented out with no reason or 
eplanation that I could find. This is a continuation of the aformentioned lack of coments.

I ahve also found odd indentation for most of the methods. This takes the form of the 
statements being tabbed almost completely off of the screen, no matter what device I am 
currently viewing the code from. 